you will own nothing and be happy you've
probably heard this before and I'm here
to tell you today what the next
evolution of that is the steps that will
be involved and how soon this is coming
and in fact has already begun you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you in today's video we are going to
talk about how inflation is your fault
you are the reason why inflation is so
high in the first place
we've got to talk about something
initially that inflation is going to be
measured in a lot of different ways
that's an absolute fact but when we talk
about inflation for you and I right now
we're talking about the prices we pay at
the store the prices we pay at the pump
how much we've got to pay for all our
services all Goods in general not the
core pce rate that the uh you know the
Federal Reserve loves to look at or this
CPI that the government wants to touch
on every month it's not a realistic
number you are the
reason that's right according to the
Atlantic inflation is your fault if
people are so mad about high prices why
do they keep buying so many expensive
things you see all you had to do was
stop buying the stuff that you need and
prices will go down that's right when
you go to the store and you buy your
pasta and rice and any other things that
you're
purchasing that's why it's going up you
see if people would just stop buying
well then inventories would climb and
then they would be forced to bring the
prices down there's just one problem
though the Basic Essentials are too
expensive that is the messed up logic
that these
propaganda institutions spit out there
for you and most people watch the
alternative news and really it's the
same old garbage and they will be served
that
garbage the vast majority of people who
consider their information to be
alternative are getting that garbage
said the vast majority of people in
general are a lost cause but even those
who are saying no no no I'm to the news
I'm not watching that they're still
watching filth this is Bloomberg
inflation stings and most of you earning
for people earning less than 300K all
right why not try this why not try
taking the
bus right uh don't buy in bulk all right
uh try lentils instead of meat and
nobody said this would be fun so I'm not
honestly sure if this is real but this
kind of seems like something that would
slap you in the face when you read it
and it's not too far from what I've seen
elsewhere though taking the bus they say
you should be taking public transit this
is the solution to your problem whatever
whatever it is whatever it is this could
be just some you know fake meme or
whatever they do certain thing they they
tell people no this is what you got to
do to to solve it but never
once do they point the finger like I'm
doing right now at you Jerome Powell the
fomc and all the other Central Bankers
around the world and more importantly
the institution of central
banks that are the cause of the
devaluation of the currency which leads
to all these problems simple matter of
fact would taking the bus be cheaper
than driving your own car yes I know
people that say it all the time I read
your comments before that say I will
just eat less that's the solution it's
healthier look if you want to eat less
eat less but you shouldn't be forced to
eat less because food is too expensive
you shouldn't be forced to not have to
put the heater on and instead wear more
blankets these are Basic Essentials this
is not like saying you know I really
want that Ferrari but I can't afford it
life's so tough we're talking about food
shelter and energy Basics it should not
be unaffordable to the masses to afford
you know normal stuff now do some people
make bad decisions with their money some
people make bad decisions with their
life yeah but it's not
everybody stuff stuff is just it's too
expensive to save money maybe you should
skip breakfast this one is legit I know
that I read it from two different places
pulling this up out of the Wall Street
Journal now you see you are the
problem several breakfast Staples saw
sharp price increases due to the perfect
storm of bad weather and disease
outbreaks and
continued effects from Russia's invasion
of Ukraine so they're saying this they
look at the price says they went up I
get it so you're better off just having
a cup of coffee yeah
sure like I said if you want to skip I
don't eat breakfast as soon as I get up
I know other people don't do that they
call it intermittent fasting or whatever
I've been doing that long before I knew
what a name of it was why just because I
wanted to but not because I said well
you know the longer I push this off the
less money I'm I'm going to be spending
that's a terrible thing that's
unfortunate and it's not because of
greedy Farmers it's not because of the
companies and their greed flation which
is
real it's because of the currency being
devalued how does it get devalued well
the simple explanation of this is that
they go out there and they pump up the
cash how do they pump the cash it's
usually done through this quantitative
easing strategy that they've been doing
many times before over the last you know
well over a decade now they pump the
cash in and it goes in to buy treasuries
it goes to buy mortgage back Securities
and it's highly unproductive money it's
not as if we're giving you a paycheck
that would be somewhat productive but
this unproductive money dilutes the
total value of the rest of it I would
argue that it's you know some would say
um you know this is not inflationary
because it's just buying treasur
treasuries and it's just being cycled
around this side their garbage it look
use an extreme example if they had
quadrillions quadrillions printed every
single day would it be inflationary they
would say no but I would say absolutely
yes you got to always think of the most
extreme example you can and then work
from that and the fact is yes it is but
at the very least I'm not making excuses
for it but at the very least if you're
going to send out a stimulus check to
people at least people are getting it
and not being bought up for the mortgage
back Securities which benefits primary
dealers which are like the JP Morgans
and all that but that's a whole
different story I could rant on about
that all day long down sizing to a tiny
home reduces your ecological footprint
by 45% that's right if you want to help
the environment you should buy a tiny
home according to the world economic
Forum that connects in with this and in
the next one I'll show you as American
struggle financially climate agenda sets
to spark new food prices according to
analysts one by one okay squeezing you
and then that's this as well van life
and Van living terms that become more
popular around the country recently
people are packing up their lives moving
into the mobile units and exploring the
states this is not just in the United
States but it is uh quite popular more
popular over the years there's all kinds
of videos on all the social media
platforms talking about how people have
been enjoying their time in their Vans
now I don't necessarily you know what if
you want to do that if you want to get
in your van you want to drive around say
hey this is my time I'm young I'm doing
this now it's a bit of travel it's a bit
of experience you
know great but if you're living in your
vehicle because you literally can't
afford any form of property well then
that's a different story just like the
food thing different story and
unfortunately for many they're talking
about the financial challenges that they
have experienced I've watched these
videos before honestly they a lot of
cases their vans look fantastic I mean
they do a great job with it but we
shouldn't be in a circumstance in which
we say look I just can't afford the
thing so I'm going to be living in my
vehicle that's a that's a heartbreak all
right and then I wanted to leave off on
this little uh little fun note due to
the fact that this is a quite a serious
video Tooth Fairy inflation is real it's
leaving $100 bills and Louis Vuitton
bracelets that's right parents are going
bigger with the mini milestones in their
children's lives but that's leading the
compar and awkward conversations now I
know times have changed and the currency
as we've said here has been devalued
quite a bit but I don't remember getting
$100 $100 and I don't have a Louis
Vuitton bag but I think I used to get a
quarter or maybe a dollar I mean I'm not
so sure but it was definitely a coin it
wasn't a paper bill so um
yeah has the currency devalued that far
or maybe people are just spoiling their
kids in this way or something I don't
really know I'll leave that up to you
what do you think's going on here is
this part of the devaluation of the
currency are we being
desensitized and because of social media
and other media that things have to go
bigger bigger bigger all this craziness
and we can't just enjoy the simple
things in
life I don't know you tell
me if you want to to get the information
directly from me where we look at these
things and how to actually get out of
these problems that people have I am
doing that every single week two times
per week for two hours in each of those
sessions Finance live and business live
there's a link in the description right
at the top where you can click on that I
get inquiries about this multiple every
single week check that link out the
money gps.com slive and as always I do
appreciate your thumbs up and don't
forget to come back tomorrow you
probably will not see these in your feed
so you got to come and check out the
money GPS directly and I'll bring you
the information that you need to see
take care